Add link to MSBuild information about setting assembly-level attributes (#40830)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/assembly/set-attributes-project-file.md

(The actual date string would be whatever you provided at the time of the build.)

> If the attribute takes types other than `System.String`, you can specify the type, or provide the literal text by using a particular pattern of XML elements supported by the MSBuild `WriteCodeFragment` task. See [WriteCodeFragment task - Generate assembly-level attributes](/visualstudio/msbuild/writecodefragment-task#generate-assembly-level-attributes).

Author: ```suggestion
If the attribute has parameter types other than `System.String`, you can specify the type, or provide the literal text by using a particular pattern of XML elements supported by the MSBuild `WriteCodeFragment` task. See [WriteCodeFragment task - Generate assembly-level attributes](/visualstudio/msbuild/writecodefragment-task#generate-assembly-level-attributes).
```

> If the attribute has parameter types other than `System.String`, you can specify the type, or provide the literal text by using a particular pattern of XML elements supported by the MSBuild `WriteCodeFragment` task. See [WriteCodeFragment task - Generate assembly-level attributes](/visualstudio/msbuild/writecodefragment-task#generate-assembly-level-attributes).

Author: ```suggestion
If the attribute has parameter types other than `System.String`, you can specify the parameters by using a particular pattern of XML elements supported by the MSBuild `WriteCodeFragment` task. See [WriteCodeFragment task - Generate assembly-level attributes](/visualstudio/msbuild/writecodefragment-task#generate-assembly-level-attributes).
```
